Docs: Add source code links to OpenVINO Samples (#11803)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: samples/python/hello_query_device/README.md

# Hello Query Device Python* Sample {#openvino_inference_engine_ie_bridges_python_sample_hello_query_device_README}

> This sample demonstrates how to show OpenVINO™ Runtime devices and prints their metrics and default configuration values using [Query Device API feature](../../../docs/OV_Runtime_UG/supported_plugins/config_properties.md). The source code for this application is also available [on GitHub](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/tree/master/samples/python/hello_query_device).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample demonstrates how to show OpenVINO™ Runtime devices and print their metrics with default configuration values, using the [Query Device API feature](../../../docs/OV_Runtime_UG/supported_plugins/config_properties.md). Source code for this application is also available [on GitHub](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/tree/master/samples/python/hello_query_device).
```
